4 equally viable chambers for aliens

Whip-
Focus - done
Bombard - done
Fury - done

Crag-
Regeneration - done
Carapace - done
Redemption - done

Shift-
Adrenaline - done
Celerity - done
Redeployment - done

Shade-
Silence - done
Aura - done
Ghost - somewhat done

Lifeforms roles adjusted to maximize each units effectiveness-

Skulk - bite/parasite/leap/xeno 
Base unit, good dps/fast movement/low health

Gorge - spit/healspray/non-dot bilebomb/web (WIP)
Builder unit, can outrun marines but generally not win in combat.

Lerk - bite/ranged spore/ranged umbra/primal scream
Support unit, deals aoe damage and damage reduction, high ms and good exploration

Fade - swipe/blink/metabolize/acid rocket
Assault unit, accels at killing marines and groups of marines

Onos - gore/charge/devour (maybe? probably not)/non-knockdown stomp/smash
Tank unit - effective at drawing fire and distrupting (abilities not set in stone)

Resource timings adjusted to give 1 resource to the team per rt every 4
seconds.  The resources gained are then split between the team.  For aliens
there is a slight scaling applied when below 4 or above 12 players on the team.  
Aliens now have a spawn queue for each active hive, which spawns an alien about every 8 seconds.
Aliens can teleport between hives built hives, and to unbuilt hives that are under attack.  Crags
passive healing, the hives passive, and gorges healing have all been adjusted.  Shift gives passive energy
to nearby aliens.  Infestation as a visual and a requirement has been removed completely.

Marines
Focus back on strengths on NS1 marines, removal of sprint, increase of base movement
and general mobility.  Weapons start with reduced ammo counts and armory does not
repair armor.  Weighting of all weapons has been adjusted to scale movement with firepower.
Heavymachinegun has been re-added, along with HeavyArmor.  Weapons have been adjusted to work
more like their originals, both in damage and capabilities.  Hand grenades and Motion tracking
have been added, with Motion Tracking working only within proximity of a marine, and not
over the entire map.  Many adjustments to health of buildings and build times, and marine spawn times.
Jetpack effectiveness is increased but also requires more to research.  Heavy armor works ala NS1.  Sentry
guns and arcs need to be build next to an active robotics factory (turretfactory).  An upgraded once is needed 
for arcs.  They cannot move and must be built by marines.  If the factory dies the turrets power down.

Evaulating additional tech tree options for marines (potentially explore role for flamer).
Consider adding tech path that requires second tech point to be captured.

Final points of completion for release
-Changes to redemption (maybe)
-Alien HUD changes
-Review Ghost

http://www.unknownworlds.com/forums/index.php?showtopic=97790